[AC-1363] Installing Spryker with Docker: small flow edits (#1006)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/scos/dev/setup/installing-spryker-with-docker/installing-spryker-with-docker.md

  - /docs/en/getting-started-with-docker
---

This section is a comprehensive introduction to running Spryker in Docker containers.

Spryker provides a standardized and customizable way to bootstrap applications and prepare development and production environments using the [Docker SDK tool](/docs/scos/dev/the-docker-sdk/{{site.version}}/the-docker-sdk.html).

> The checklists below will guide you through the necessary steps to manage your Spryker installation using the Docker SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following checklists guide you through the necessary steps to manage your Spryker installation using the Docker SDK.
```
